h1. Mthost


This application is used to manage the Mt Host program at The Snowbird Ski Resort in Utah.
There are about 75+ hosts each year with over 1300 shifts to schedule and manage.
this site allows users to select shifts and handle all the management needed to keep the
program running all year.  it is also a central hub for program information and external resources
that are helpful for our users.

the site uses twitter bootstrap and angularjs in various locations.  it is always a work in progress.
I welcome feedback and suggestions - I still consider myself pretty new to rails and web dev in general.

thanks,

Max








This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :database=>"postgresql", :templates=>"erb", :unit_test=>"minitest", :integration=>"minitest-capybara", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"skeleton", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"confirmable", :authorization=>"cancan", :form_builder=>"none", :starter_app=>"home_app", :rvmrc=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :ban_spiders=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.13

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses PostgreSQL with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: Minitest
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan/Rolify

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Allen Maxwell - @aamax on Twitter
aamax at xmission dot com




